refactor: integrate migrations package in styles package (#611)
swisspost/design-system: packages/styles/README.md

- basics.scss (atomic styles for font, buttons, lists etc.)
- core.scss (variables, mixins, functions and placeholders only)

## Migrations Schematics

> Schematics are used to transform a software project by adapting it to current Design System Styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schematics are used to transform an Angular software project by adapting it to current Design System Styles.
```

### Testing

To test the Schematics without writing any changes to your files, install `@angular-devkit/schematics-cli` globally and use the `schematics` command line tool.<br>
That tool acts the same as the `generate` command of the Angular CLI, but also has a debug mode.

Run the following command in the project which uses this package as dependency:

```bash
schematics ./node_modules/@swisspost/design-system-styles:migration-name
```

Replace `migration-name` with any defined migration in the migrations.json file or simply get some help with:

```bash
schematics --help
```

### Migrate

> To execute the migrations please follow our [migration-guide](https://design-system.post.ch/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute the migrations please follow our [migration guide](https://design-system.post.ch/).
```
